hi guys today I'm going to show you
carrot and orange juice which is a super
easy held ring and has the N number of
benefits carrots are not dust for bugs
bunny it is a rich source of necessary
nutrients and minerals oranges are one
of the most delicious fruits with
wonderful taste
now peas carrots and oranges and put
them together in the juicer I'm going to
use my slow juicer to make this juice
you can check the complete review of the
slow juicer in my channel you can also
use a juicer or blender to make this
juice carrot and orange juice is a most
common combination and is popular
worldwide but very few know its health
benefits this juice contains
beta-carotene which improves eyesight
immunity and controls heart diseases it
also controls sun damage fights aging
increases hair growth and nail strength
potassium which reduces cholesterol and
manganese and magnesium stabilizes blood
sugar level in case of diabetes vitamin
K helps blood to clot and it is of
immense benefit to pregnant women
vitamin C helps to heal wounds and keeps
a gums healthy antioxidants act
efficiently to make the skin look
beautiful and young juice is extremely
filling and it's low calorie count is
best for someone who is trying to lose
weight
they contain a large amount of natural
sugar so you don't have to add
additional sugar to it drinking carrot
juice daily is a habit that everyone
should inculcate as it is healthy and
tasty and will help you burn fat get the
fat body and glowing skin you always
wanted
and now this healthy and bright-colored
juice is ready to make you look bright
enjoy it with your family and friends
connect with us on social websites
please like our Facebook page versatile
Vicky also like share and subscribe and
thanks for watching bye bye
you